First of all,
prepare that video presentation up front.
Please do that, please try it just once.
I promise you, it will be worth it.
It's one of the best pieces of advice
in my opinion at this entire course.
So definitely give it a go.
Second, brainstorm those objections and
possible answers, right?
So what people likely to come back with,
and what are they likely to ask you and
try and preempt those, if possible.
Attempt to speak to those stakeholders
individually before you present to
the group, so
you can appeal to their selfish gene and
whatever it is that
they're trying to achieve.
When you're presenting, heavily reference
that previous work that you've done.
Gather some structured feedback,
after the presentation not during but
keep that for afterwards.
And then finally channel all
that feedback via you and
challenge anything that you disagree with.
Have a conversation around it,
don't feel you need to blindly accept
every piece of feedback that you receive.
So that's it, that's how to do your design
presentation and hopefully that's helpful.
Are there any questions around that
before we move into our final session?
I was right.
>> Makes this all very clear.
And it seems so obvious once you hear it,
yet I don't do any of those things.
I think this is gonna change my life and
the life of my clients.
>> Yeah.
That is so sweet.
Thank you so much whoever said that,
that is hugely appreciated.
That's the trouble,
I teach common sense in some ways.
But when you're in
the middle of a project,
common sense goes out of the window.
You have to be really disciplined to
remember and do all these things.
That's why I've produced the checklist
screens that you've got here,
so that you've got that nice
summary that you can go,
okay, have I done everything,
have I prepared for this properly.
Cuz there's nothing worse than being
blindsided in the presentation or
dealing with design.
Cuz what happens is you end up
looking like you'll bssing.
Somebody will come back and say, yeah,
so I really think this needs to be this
way or that way in the design and you
come up with some reason why this isn't,
it just feels like you're
making it up as you go along.
Well, if you've kind of talked them
through this process and you justify,
you sound in control and
confidence is a big part of this, right?
It's coming across as confident
without coming across as arrogant.
And that does take practice to get right.
But yeah, I went off on one then,
and I really.